Netcraft
Netcraft is an Internet services company
based in England
offering a free web portal
that performs various information gathering
functions.
The use of services such as those offered
by Netcraft is considered a passive
technique since we never interact with our
target directly.
Let’s review some of Netcraft’s
capabilities.
For example, we can use Netcraft’s DNS
search page,
to gather information about the
megacorpone.com domain.
For each server found, we can view a
“site report”.
These reports provide additional
information and history about the server.
The beginning of the report covers
registration information.
However, if we scoll down, we discover
various “site technology” entries.
This list of subdomains and technologies
will prove useful as we move on to active
information gathering and exploitation.